welcome to the workshop to create 3d images with
with Commander 2
we'll pick up with Commander
if we keep it constant we will also work in teaching
can be adjusted
Incidentally, this also works over the first icon image
Now we go to files
4 on the islands became 7
to her new chairmen
Create a photo
Soriano already one
Template for internet games. Photo
with the click
on the first free field
we can get the left photo
Euro brings
now clicked on the field
and look after our back pieces
are two identical pictures with a distance of up to 6 to 8 cm
were recorded
to pressure all three bears
or to be able to create or post a no 3d-photos
her husband still the opportunity
The picture was thus overthrown and indeed
here on this left
Women edge
Let's just stand there the comma is a tax when and where
why
and the show has to
the text anchored here
and under picture already finished
Save right click as
we can save the picture
or with a photo printer
in size 10 times 15 print
or loaded in Photoshop
let look
or on there their expression that goes like this
- and want
Copy
then we'll go back and land Norway
Photos Finance Zeno Fuchsbau
you play this is a trio
so
I think we have the best way to get one
under files
Hoffmann from clipboard
She is still able to close the pictures with children's clothes and get them
not yet
and the picture is in it
or you give
just the open spaces
and Volz Lynch
his pictures are we make us big SUV
we have the two pictures completely on the quotations
the running group can
you need
maximize
supports one to one says Schrenk
Vienna corresponds in the fair milk print to exactly 10 times 15 pictures the
Can exhibit pictures
try Thorsten Muschal not ideal
yes, that was percent 3 the bulls charged a second variant us this was
so-called plant procedures
probably known
Earlier, the third programs were sent especially black and white films 3d
the pictures are black and white food the color is practically a trick
almost used in the past
Let's go
Symbol force swift 3d on has Münch
virtuoso asks we want a red-green or for a euro to her
Brother we make Marozsan belong
a conversation also works out
so Lyons first serve services left
then we get the right picture paint
num each item must spaces
now asked if he will take the procedure pictures before
red-green want and should
Here you can still set
individual form to the importers
click on OK
and let count
because you say downstairs
the status bar
Brüggemann showed what noise is made and operate squads Ripken
Tips and tricks are misplaced
- and it has practically played a red-green or a mambo
green-red Syria
and already this does not seem to do well enough
3d, however, black and white
It should be noted that b Müller can therefore provide great care as possible
enclose
Percent 3d stereo pictures project now you had the distance of six and the
Meters keep a detailed description is available
you can download yourself
among the current ones
this greed is used there so is the information press
Percent, she took herself here
why is she following the workshop of a company
Have fun